samples: add multiprotocol BLE and 802.15.4 RPMSG sample (#3719)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/CMakeLists.txt

endif()

# Special handling for the nRF53 when using RPMSG HCI.

> # Automatically include the hci_rpmsg sample or multiprotocol_rpmsg as child
> # image (depending on the number of protocols used), and change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Automatically include the multiprotocol_rpmsg as child image when both RPMSG HCI
# and RPMSG 802.15.4 Serialization are enabled or the hci_rpmsg sample when
# only RPMSG HCI is enabled. For any of these samples change
```
Right now the comment is ambiguous. I would clarify it.
